told your fucking son and here
presenting another talk show and our
Today 's guest is someone very
especially he swears to have seen and talked
with Jesus in a post-death experience and
brings with it a video proving that it says
With you, riffo, man, it's a pleasure.
participate in your program
I'm very grateful for the opportunity.
pleasure is all our son's in
interview is true ricci was what
Did you see Jesus in exactly one
almost dead experience I've achieved
see it for a few seconds and what you
chatted with him
At first I was getting a shower.
due to my portugal accent but
When I found out what it was, I sent it.
back is one says the server already
were full of the pr and that even the
euro was crude and would not allow
that paradise would be the same way as
orb and me and we will follow the
video proving your version
It was at this moment that I saw Jesus
we should pay close attention to the
scene we can see the apparition in their
cults and there beauty guy liked the video
Do not forget to help by evaluating let
your jewelry down if you already have not
know the channel yet or did not know
do not forget to sign up for
receive more content of this type in your
and mail tube and if you really want
know more about the channel
feel free to criticize
any video from right to another
given in what I do the work I
I bring youtube and if you are a guy
very cool very fuck even shares
this twitter video on facebook and
all the social networks you use
and helps to spread this video
That's it, thanks.